## REQUIREMENTS

The below tools and packages are needed to work with STM32 Controllers with Qemu Support

* Installable
* GNU Toolchain
* STM Cube IDE
### Downloadable
* Xpack Packages
* Windows Build Tools
* Open OCD
* Qemu
## INTRODUCTION
In recent  years researchers  are  trying to  develop  automobile industry more  and more for safety,  reliability,  flexibility  and  entertainment  by  modern  computing  and  electronics. Consumers are expecting their car to be voice controlled, auto driven and GPS assisted visual directions for driving. Almost all consumers first go for checking electronic gadgetry before selecting  a  car. Bluetooth  hands  free,  mp3 player,  video/  TV  players are  even  common phenomena for a car. These interactions with gadgetry could be very dangerous distraction for  the  driver. Distraction  or  taking  drivers  eye  off  the  road  may  cause  devastating accidents. The National  Highway and Transportation  Safety  Association reports  that twenty six  percent of  all car  accidents  are caused by distractions due to talking on cell phones, eating while driving, and other similar distractions that take a driver‘s focus off the road. The distraction considered in this project is the adjustment of wiper speed based on the intensity of precipitation falling. The number of accidents caused by distraction can be slightly reduced by eliminating the need for drivers to adjust  wiper  speed.  The  traditional  wiper  system  requires  driver  constant  attention  in adjusting the wiper speed using manual switch. And sometimes dust particles floating in the air are covered in the windscreen during moving vehicle which could be another cause of accident. The manual adjustment of the wiper and windscreen washing spray distracts driver's attention, which may be a direct cause of accident. This project is up to minimize the drivers work by setting up automatic control system for windshield mountings which are wiper, and rain sensor. With drivers exposed to an ever increasing number of accidents, automatic rain-sensing wiper system, dust cleaning system and automatic sun visor system could be an even more appealing feature, as they work to minimize the time the driver must take his/her hands off the wheel. By using rain sensing device the wiper can be automated and light sensor can be useful to regulate the sun visor without even touching it. The pivotal concern is to render more attention of the driver on the road [2].The automated rain wiper system is used to detect rainfall and activate automobile a The system was developed to  mitigate driving distractions and  allow drivers to focus on  their primary task of driving. The distraction eliminated with the development of this product is the manual adjustment of windshield wipers when driving in precipitation. The few seconds that a driver takes their attention off the road to adjust a knob while driving in poor weather conditions could potentially lead to  car  
