## ABSTRACT

The automated rain wiper system is used to detect rainfall and activate automobile automatic rain wiper without driver interaction. The system is developed to mitigate driving distractions and allow drivers to focus on their primary task of driving. The distraction eliminated with the development of this product is the manual adjustment of windshield wipers when driving in precipitation. The few seconds that a driver takes their attention off the road to adjust a knob while driving in poor weather conditions could potentially lead to  car  accidents.The system uses a combination of impedance and rain sensor to detect rain and its intensity. The system contains a controller that takes in the input signals from the sensors and controls the operation of the windshield wipers based on those input signals  The aim of this project is to help reduce accidents that happen as a result of the driver intending to clean the windscreen when rain is falling thereby taking the attention of the driver off the road when he or she is switching on and off the wiper. In rainy days we suffer from act of sprinkling of water on front glass of our wheeler. While driving car, driver cannot see on road vehicles. So he tries operating wiper on glass, for that he should often switch on for operating wiper and because of this it might cause vehicle accident. If we apply any kind of sensor on glass which senses the act of sprinkling water, by automation the wiper will be operating automatically. When the water hit the sensor, it will send signal to the system thus moving the wiper motor. Once the sensor did not detect any water, the  wiper  will stop.  This will  reduce the weaknesses which have been stated at beginning. Additional plan to this invention is to make the wiper automatically push up from the windscreen when the engine shut off.
